Update typography guidance and restructure styles section (#3343)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/styles/headings/index.md

---
title: Headings
description: Use headings to structure content on pages

> section: Styles

Author: ```suggestion
section: Styles
backlogIssueId: 64
```

theme: Typography
layout: layout-pane.njk
showPageNav: true
order: 7
---

{% from "_example.njk" import example %}

> Write all headings in sentence case.

Reviewer: This line feels like it should go further down the page. The following paragraph (currently line 15) feels a bit more natural as an opening paragraph for this page.

Author: Decision – move to 3rd para

Use heading tags, such as `<h1>`, `<h2>` and so on, to tag the headings on a page. Apply a heading class, such as `govuk-heading-l`, to style them visually. Style headings consistently to create a clear content structure throughout your service.

> For a [question page](/patterns/question-pages/), or pages with long headings, start with `govuk-heading-l` for an `<h1>`, `govuk-heading-m` for an `<h2>` and so on. But change it if your pages feel unbalanced – the heading class you use does not always need to correspond to the heading level.

Reviewer 2: We talk about heading tags and heading class, and then this para also has heading level. Is the heading level a different thing or related to a heading tag? And do we need to define what a heading level is?

> For a [question page](/patterns/question-pages/), or pages with long headings, start with `govuk-heading-l` for an `<h1>`, `govuk-heading-m` for an `<h2>` and so on. But change it if your pages feel unbalanced – the heading class you use does not always need to correspond to the heading level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a [question page](/patterns/question-pages/), or pages with long headings, follow the usual hierarchy of heading levels and styles associated with them. For example, `govuk-heading-l` for an `<h1>`, followed by `govuk-heading-m` for an `<h2>` and so on. In rare cases, you might want to alter how you use the headings hierarchy to achieve a better visual balance. An example of this is in [the design system's notification banner](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/notification-banner/success/) which uses heading levels in a different order to emphasise the most important information. If you do change the heading hierarchy in a similar way, it needs to go through accessibility testing before use.
```

{{ example({ group: "styles", item: "headings", example: "default", html: true, open: true, size: "m", loading: "eager" }) }}

If your page has lots of long form content, start with `govuk-heading-xl` for an `<h1>`, `govuk-heading-l` for an `<h2>`, and so on.

> {{ example({ group: "styles", item: "headings", example: "headings-xl", html: true, open: true, size: "m" }) }}

Reviewer: Should we remove govuk-heading-s from that example? It's just another h3, however I wonder if it might mislead users into thinking that h4s are fine in this instance.

Author: Remove the last example for now
Look into existing guidance on number of heading levels for long form content
